Subtitles by DramaFever
Kang Soo!
[Final Episode]
It feels really empty since three
people left at the same time.
No, it doesn't.
Those traitors.
Yeah, I won't forgive those punks
until the day I die.
So disloyal!
This is 100 times more traitorous
than stealing your friend's woman!
Huh?
Someone's calling you.
I'm not picking up!
It's Sister-in-Law Dan Ah.
Oh! I wonder what she's calling about.
Yes, Chairwoman?
What?
What did you say?
Yes, I understand.
This is bad, boys.
- Kang Soo has disappeared!
- What?
Hurry up and text the
people in our group chat.
Wake up all 380 of them, and tell them
to search all of Seoul!
Yes, sir!
Kang Soo, you bastard.
You must know where he is.
You're the closest to him, after all.
I don't know, either.
He didn't contact me.
Why would he contact someone like me?
I'm sure you have some
guesses, though, at least!
Go to Kang Soo's hometown.
That's the only place he
could've gone if he left Seoul.
Father.
I'm here.
Choi Kang Soo has disappeared?
Yes, I think he's given up on
everything, and has left.
When I went to Strongest
Deliveryman's website
I saw countless posts from deliverymen,
asking him to come back.
So that's how he ended up after
being so reckless and immature.
How's it going with the person
that we scouted?
Our offer... was rejected.
But, why?
What is he planning to do at a company
that has pretty much closed down?
I'm... not sure.
So Ms. Dan Ah went to
Kang Soo's hometown, then?
Yeah.
She said that she'll bring him back
if he's there, no matter what it takes.
He even took our sign off
before he left, though.
Do you think he'll be convinced
to come back so easily?
At any rate, we'll just
have to wait and see.
[Choi Tae Ho]
Dan Ah.
Is this all you amounted to?
Were you always such a quitter?
- Dan Ah.
- Tell me.
Were you always this kind of person?
You were the type to leave your
employees behind and run off
because your company
wasn't doing well?
You promised me that
we'd face everything together.
And yet, you were the type to disappear
and only leave behind a note?
Did you think I'd be happy
if you left like that?
Even if I emigrate to a
really nice country to live in
do you think I'd be able
to be happy without you?
Head back to Seoul, right now.
Go, and start over.
Don't disappoint me any further.
Go back.
Kang Soo.
You should leave now, too.
You can be happy without me.
Choi Kang Soo!
Things may be difficult right now...
but you'll be okay
when some time passes.
It was like that for me.
On the day that my
father passed away...
I didn't think I'd be able to eat
even a single bite.
I thought...
that I'd never be able to
smile ever again.
But...
that wasn't the case.
I made friends...
and I smiled again, after meeting you.
Kang Soo, please!
You can do that, too.
Bury me in the corner of
your heart, and live on.
Do that.
And even it takes a long time...
do that, and be happy again.
Leave.
And don't ever come back.
What about you, then?
What are you going to do?
Will you really be okay without me?
Will you really be able to smile again?
Do you really want to live on...
forgetting me?
Yeah.
The more I think about it,
the stranger it seems.
What do you mean?
The fact that the ingredients
got swapped out.
The food company wasn't able
to find anything wrong on their end.
And the people from my hometown
aren't the type of people to do that.
That's why we're saying that Ms. Park
was messing around, and got caught!
What if she wasn't, though?
What?
This could've happened without
Ms. Park knowing.
What do you mean by that?
Are you saying those domestic ingredients
somehow transformed themselves, then?
No, that's not what I mean.
I just feel like something is off.
I believe you, Ms. Park.
I've never once thought that you
swapped out the ingredients.
So please, trust us just this once.
So, what is it that you want to say?
You have CCTV cameras here, right?
Can I take a look at the
footage for just a bit?
Isn't that woman a Head Manager
at Jung Family Foods?
Why did that woman
come to my restaurant?
Something definitely happened.
I'll be looking at the footage from
the night before the officials showed up.
What's going on?
I think that lady turned the power off
and swapped out the ingredients.
Oh, goodness!
I'll dig deeper into this.
We need to be perfectly prepared
so that they can't wriggle out of this.
Get out of my way.
I said get out of my way.
Eat.
I'm not giving up on you.
I've given up on so much already
that I can't do it anymore.
So eat this, and chin up.
I'm going to stay here until you do,
no matter what.
This cost me quite a lot.
So eat all of it, and don't leave
any of it behind.
Did you come here...
to see Kang Soo?
Yeah.
Hyun Soo told me that something may
have happened to him, so...
And he's always been
so nice to Hyun Soo.
Go ahead and go see him, then.
No.
I was just afraid that
he was alone here.
And that, while he was
alone, he'd...
But you're by his side, I see.
What's... your name?
Dan Ah.
Lee Dan Ah.
Thank you, Dan Ah.
I'll be leaving now.
Don't tell him that you saw me here.
Please.
Just...
tell him that you're sorry.
I heard about the whole situation.
If you apologize to him...
I think that will fix things.
Kang Soo is a good person, after all.
It's because he's a good person
that I can't do that.
He's just too nice for his own good...
so he'll try to forgive me
in any way he can.
Just like his father.
All while harboring a lot
of pain in his heart.
I don't want to hurt him anymore.
Why did you come here, then?
I don't know.
I don't know, either.
I have no idea what I was planning
to do by coming here.
Please...
take good care of Kang Soo.
[Bus to Osanchon, Haje]
Mom!
Hyun Soo.
What brings you here?
I was worried about Kang Soo.
Everyone in the group chat was up in
arms all night trying to find him.
I told you.
Ah, I see.
But what brings you here, Mom?
Um...
My friend lives here.
I came by to visit them for a bit.
Your friend?
Who?
Just someone.
You don't know them.
Mom.
Did you come here to see
Kang Soo, by any chance?
What are you talking about?
You've been acting really weird
since yesterday
when I told you that something
may have happened to Kang Soo.
You didn't even hear me when
I called you a couple of times.
Oh, really?
I had no idea.
Do you know Kang Soo, by any chance?
How could I possibly know Kang Soo?
Why are you acting like that, then?
You've actually been acting weird since
the first day you met Kang Soo, Mom.
You kept spacing out and got surprised
every time a customer came in!
What is it?
Tell me.
I'm not a kid anymore.
If you don't tell me, Mom...
I'll go ask Kang Soo.
Hyun Soo.
I mean, Kang Soo has been
acting weird, too.
He was acting weird...
when he picked up your call,
and when you came to pick me up.
What is it, Mom?
Tell me.
What are we going to do when
Kang Soo comes back, though?
I don't know, either.
The company is pretty much closed now.
This is because you guys stuck to
only delivering food.
Do you have a plan?
We can deliver flowers, laundry,
and even groceries.
Can't we just do that?
Let's broaden our affiliates list, here.
Instead of just hanging around
Restaurant Row all day.
Well, we need money to do that!
It'll cost money
to hire more employees
and it'll cost money to
advertise this, too!
We're a corporation, Director.
A corporation, okay?
If we need money, we can sell shares.
And we can continue to
operate with that money.
I've thought about doing that too.
But do you think that there's anyone
who'd buy our company's shares now?
- Well, Kang Soo has tons of friends!
- What?
You know, the guys who invested
100,000 won each.
Ask them to give us a bit more money,
since they've already given us some.
Yeah, let's give it a try.
Let's do something while we
wait for Kang Soo to come back.
I'm sure he's worn out.
He's always been pulling us
all forward from the front.
Let's try doing it instead, this time.
Oh, I was just...
just about to say that! Yep!
Yes, let's give it a shot!
Yes, I'm for it!
Yeah, we owe a lot to Kang Soo.
100,000 won wasn't nearly enough.
Yeah, how embarrassing.
So? How much do I need to buy?
I got paid today!
Me too!
- Wow!
No, no. It's from last month.
- Oh, come on!
[Daehan Bank]
Look. Your friends said that
they'd invest this much more money.
It's hard to read, isn't it?
I'll read it for you.
It's 357,680,000 won.
Go.
Stop pondering over it.
Everyone is investing their money
because they believe in you.
But if you still won't go back, that'll
be as if you're betraying their trust
and betraying my trust too,
until the very end.
Let's go.
Fine, do whatever you want.
I'm leaving.
Everyone else is trying so hard
right now to save this company
so I can't be the only one
to sit around and do nothing.
Because I'm an employee
of this company, too.
[Strongest Deliveryman]
I'll be going now, CEO Choi.
Take care.
[Strongest Deliveryman]
"Strongest Deliveryman?"
Doing this has been my dream
for a long time.
- Let's do our best!
I think that you need to be able
to dream, even while being a deliveryman.
Even people like us futures.
I wanted to show everyone that.
So let's make it so that the other 374
guys, among others, can have dreams.
I really want to see
someone like you succeed.
I'll definitely show you.
I promise you that
I'll definitely do it.
What?
This train is headed for Seoul.
The train has now left, so may all of
you have a safe and pleasant trip.
Thank you to all of the riders
who are riding our train.
Dan Ah.
Is it okay... for me to sit next to you?
I'm sorry.
But you came.
So it's fine.
I was scared.
I'd never once been afraid of failure.
But this time, I got scared.
I thought that,
if I didn't stop here
it would become bad for everyone
involved because of me.
Like my friends...
and you, too.
Why did you think such a stupid thing?
All I need is for you
to be by my side.
And same goes for your friends, too.
I'm tired.
I didn't get any sleep last night
because of a certain someone.
Yeah, get some sleep.
I won't go anywhere.
Oh, hello!
Wait, why are you here?
What about Kang Soo?
Well, um, he said he had some
business in his hometown.
What about Dan Ah?
Well, the business that needs
taking care of is such a big deal
- so, um, they went together.
- What?
At any rate, I'll take responsibility for
everything around here until they return!
I told you that I don't
like you, didn't I?
Now is really not the time for that.
Why, you little!
Oh, Kang Soo!
Ms. Dan Ah!
Ah, you're here, sir?
We're sorry for being late.
All right.
Did you resolve the issue
you had in your hometown?
Um... yes.
And it was all thanks to Dan Ah.
Let's go upstairs.
I'm sorry for making all of you worry.
Thanks. I was able to come back
thanks to you all.
I'll never forget that.
I should've done better.
If I had, all the friends I'd started out
with would still be by my side now.
I fell short.
Our company will rise up again
with the money you guys invested.
Now, we won't only
be delivering food
but flowers, laundry, and groceries.
I'm planning to make anyone who
has a product that can be delivered
an affiliate of
Strongest Deliveryman.
But... I'll definitely revitalize
Restaurant Row.
That's enough already, Kang Soo!
Those people betrayed you!
Kang Soo-- um, no, I mean CEO Choi.
This is a livestream.
The investors may be opposed
to this, so please stop.
All right. If all 380 of you
are opposed to this
then I won't do it.
But please don't forget this:
the reason why we first began to fight
was to save a small restaurant
called Hanyang Seolleongtang.
And the reason why we founded an official
business was to protect Restaurant Row.
We didn't start this company
so that we could make money.
It was so that we could help all the
stores along the streets we frequented
while living among them and delivering
for them, and coexist with them happily.
And I, while eating the food that
someone else made for me
realized something else.
It's such a huge joy to be able to
eat a delicious meal with others.
And that's why I can't give up.
Because it's not right for one person
to monopolize all that happiness.
I think that the happiness of the poor
needs to be protected by the poor.
I beg of you all.
Please, put your faith in me
just one more time.
I'll work hard.
Nice, CEO Choi!
Yeah, it seems that our
Kang Soo is really back!
You're the best, CEO Choi!
Sung Jae!
My bad.
Can we be rehired?
Sure.
All right, hurry up and
move it along, you traitors!
Damn it!
- Thanks!
- No problem! Oh, hey, Min Chan.
Isn't this the kind of thing
that Ms. Yeon Ji would like?
She doesn't like red.
How do you know that?
Is there anyone at your company
who has a friendlier face?
Choi Kang Soo has come back.
And Section Chief Kim Sung Jae has
taken all the deliverymen and left
so all of the deliveries from
Jung Family Foods have been halted.
What did you say?
I think we'll have to use Kim Sung Jae
and pressure Choi Kang Soo directly.
They'll come straight to you now.
Prepare yourself.
I'm prepared to go to jail.
I'll be going now.
That woman is really
a piece of work.
She's so evil.
I think she's behind the domestic
food mixup incident, too.
What?
I checked the CCTV cameras
at Ms. Park's restaurant
and I saw a head manager from Jung
Family approaching her employee.
- Really?
- Yeah.
But that's not enough evidence.
We'll just have to find some more, then.
Let's go.
Look over all of the CCTV footage
that covers this street.
And find the people who parked here
overnight, and watch the dashcam footage.
If we just get to the bottom of this
we can get the contract with
Sunjin Construction back, too.
All right.
Okay, Let's go!
I'm shuddering.
How could they stoop this low?
And a person who runs a
restaurant business, of all people?
She's capable of much worse, too.
At any rate, we have evidence now.
Let's go and get them.
Calm yourself.
If we're hasty, we may end up
being the ones who get hurt.
What are you planning to do, then?
First, let's meet with them.
We need to know what their response
will be to prepare for the next part.
[English-Korean Dictionary]
Do I need to get tutored
in English by Ms. Dan Ah?
No, I bet she'll charge me
a lot of money.
Damn it.
Oh, you're home from work?
What are you doing?
I'm preparing for the
College Scholastic Ability Test.
What?
I thought about it, and I think
I need to work with children.
What are you going to do
to those poor children?
Um, okay.
So?
I'm going to apply as an Early
Education major, and study properly.
It was my original goal to become
a fantastic kindergarten teacher.
But I had to give that up
because of my mom
and majored in Business Management.
subtitles ripped and synced by riri13
Wow, I guess your mom did have plans to
entrust the business to you at one point.
And that's wrong!
I may be her child,
but I'm my own person!
So why does she only keep
considering me as a commodity?
Even if my mom decides later on
to leave me all of her wealth
I'm going to donate it all!
- You mean that?
- Of course.
You swear it?
But you've never been
truly poor yet.
So are you confident that you won't
ask your mom for her money
even if you become so poor that
you'll want to sell your soul?
Of course.
All right, then.
So, even if your mom happens to lose
everything she has right now...
you wouldn't care?
You said you want to go back to college.
But if you have to give up on college
because you can't afford tuition...
do you think you'd still be
able to say the same thing?
Why are you acting like
this today, Mr. Jin Kyu?
Why are you so insistent on
me being sure of my answer?
You've moved out now.
But if you truly want to be
independent from your parents...
you'll need to be prepared for
at least that much.
Don't worry.
I'll never change my mind about that,
despite my situation.
Did you know that other people don't
even think about these kinds of things?
You and I only worry about these things
because we were born in a rich family.
People who weren't don't even have
fears like these.
They don't expect to depend on
their parents to begin with.
They live with much more independence
than people like us.
I see.
Who is it?
Who are you?
M... Mom.
I heard from your mom.
You've been learning business
management from Jung Family.
No, there was nothing to learn
from that place.
Oh my! Why do you speak like that?
Leave him be.
This is what suits him.
I'll get to the point.
Come back home.
Come back and take over
Ohsung Construction.
Put your skills to work.
Why are you suddenly acting this
way to me?
You are my bloodline.
That is why I'm giving you
one more opportunity.
Live an honorable life
as Ohsung's second son.
What are you doing?
Hurry up and thank him.
Jin Kyu!
I'm sorry.
Ohsung's second son died
a long time ago.
Hey.
Goodbye. I'll get going now.
Jung Family's branch manager came to me
and told me to do it.
I never imagined
things would get this big.
I never dreamed that I'd cause all the
restaurants on the street to close down.
Go to Sunjin Construction and
tell them the truth.
Resolve this issue today.
Otherwise, I'll formally request an
investigation by the police.
Why are you saying this to me?
Excuse me?
Branch Manager Song,
what are you doing?
- What?
- Who told you to show loyalty like this?
CEO Jung.
Go to the police.
I know nothing about this.
An employee set on promotion
went went rogue.
What did you say?
You are fired.
I'll be making a claim for the damage
you've done Jung Family's image.
Be prepared for that.
CEO Jung...
Why don't you all leave now?
Are you okay?
No... I'm angry.
She ordered you to do it,
didn't she?
- Yes.
- Then can you come with me?
- Where?
- Sunjin Construction.
Please just tell them the truth
and we won't need to go to the police.
What do you mean by that?
I didn't start this to put weak people
like you in jail.
So, just go and tell them the truth.
That's all I need.
I was ordered to by the CEO
of Jung Family, so I carried it out.
That doesn't mean
I can break the contract again.
What do you mean by that?
Because of that incident,
innocent restaurants are closing.
Let's not talk about it any further.
Honestly, this is nothing but a tip.
There is no formal investigation.
I can't complicate procedures with
something like this again.
Because you don't want complications,
you're going to ignore it?
Please leave. I have a meeting.
I'm sorry.
Can I leave now like you promised?
Yes. Thank you.
Hold on!
If there's anything I don't know,
please let me know.
Don't take the blame by yourself.
Then these things will never stop.
People without strength need to join
forces to stop them from happening.
I'm asking you, please!
Just once...
be courageous.
This world... it's always those awful
people who live well.
What will you do now?
I have to keep fighting.
I'll make sure they get punished.
Your will isn't always enough.
It's not the law but money that you
need to cut off for business people.
Or you could just grab them by the
throat and shake them...
Soon Ae.
All right, we don't have to do it.
You're acting like some older brother
lately.
- I am older than you.
- What?
Seriously, this guy...
Don't get food on your mouth.
[CEO Moon]
Hello.
What... what did you say?
I caught that punk.
After I met you that day,
I got my guys to find him.
What should I do?
Should I punish him for you?
No, please leave it to me.
Okay. Call me.
Yes. Thank you, Mister.
Thank you so much.
- What's going on?
- He caught that punk.
He's finally been caught.
I can't forget the branch manager's face.
When she realized CEO Jung was
framing her for everything...
she looked so miserable.
Yes, I'm sure she feels so wronged.
When poor people feel used by the rich,
they feel especially low.
There's no way to get revenge.
That's why you need to do well, CEO Choi.
You need to succeed in order to change
this world.
When I'm talking to you,
I feel like I've become a hero.
You're a hero to me.
My hero. You're the best, Sweetie.
By the way, I noticed you ate all
of that seafood stew.
- Was it edible?
- Yes.
It was good except for the sand
that got in my teeth.
You're supposed to let clams sit in
water for an hour to let the sand out.
Then why did you eat it all?
You said it cost a lot and
I should eat it all.
Oh, are you serious?
It was good.
I ate it all because it was good.
I don't want you to go.
I don't want to be apart.
Oh, really?
Is that why you disappeared
leaving just a note?
Sorry.
Dan Ah, where is your hometown anyway?
- It's close to yours.
- What?
It's one of the stations we passed
while coming back on the train.
Why did you just pass by?
You should've stopped by.
Aren't you curious about your family?
If they don't call,
that means nothing much is going on.
That's how I live.
Why?
I just... feel too busy living
my own life for now.
I don't have enough happiness to share
with my family.
- Kang Soo.
- Yes?
She came by.
- What?
- Hyun Soo's mother.
She came by to see you secretly,
but ran into me.
She said she was worried about you.
I don't really want to hear about that.
All right. I'm sorry.
But, you should know.
No matter what, coming to
your hometown...
would have required a lot of courage
from her.
That's enough.
Okay... I'll stop.
I'll get going.
Sleep well.
Okay, get home safely.
- Sleep.
- Okay.
Are you drunk?
Yes.
Why did you drink so much?
- A farewell drink.
- What?
- I quit.
- Why?
Why? I don't know.
Oh yeah. When a writer pays taxes,
do you know what they call it?
Uh... what is it?
Word taxes...
I'm sorry.
What's with you? You're a beat behind.
- Oh...
- Why are you hitting me?
You want to fight me? I'm a good fighter.
It's been a long time...
the two of them.
Then why didn't you say anything?
Because you might get hurt.
I see.
Thanks.
Okay. I will step aside.
Be happy, Min Chan.
It's up.
It's up. Guys, it's up!
What's with the commotion outside?
Is something going on?
Just a moment...
I think you should watch the news.
The news?
Give the lady working there about
5 million won.
Tell her to mix in the imports with
the domestic products.
Yes, CEO Jung.
It wasn't enough to have large funds
and multiple locations.
With the illegal behavior of these
large companies
people are showering them with criticism.
There is now a quickly rising call
online to boycott these restaurants.
This is Park Dae Chul
reporting from KNC News.
Yeah!
[Sunjin Construction]
[Notification regarding the
food contract]
[Sunjin Construction:
1st Place Strongest Deliveryman]
- I've brought some fresh ones.
- Thank you.
Sell many. Goodbye.
Thank you.
Work hard. Good luck!
Good luck!
The boycott will not end.
It's not only this street.
All of the Jung Family businesses
are suffering.
Get Youngil Savings Bank on the phone.
I have the guy who faked an adultery
case under your orders.
CEO Moon found him for me.
- CEO Moon?
- Yes.
You know how scary he is when he's
angry, don't you?
- Oh, Soon Ae...
- Hey.
This guy here is saying my name.
Shut your jaw.
Make a choice.
You want to go to jail and become
an ex-convict dad?
Or do you want to give me back
my father's money?
There's a line of people waiting to
harass you in jail, just so you know.
CEO Moon has a lot of connections there.
Oh, please let me live.
I'll get my shares and return everything
I took from you then.
- Give me one month.
- You have ten days.
Let's go, Sweetie.
Please lend me an additional
12 billion won.
You can set the interest as you like.
Sorry, but more loans will be difficult.
- Sir.
- You have to pay principal this month.
If you are behind even one day,
we'll have to seize your assets.
- Wait.
- I'm hanging up now.
All the restaurants are in surplus by,
at least, 10 million won.
And we have a revenue of 62 million won.
Wow!
Our profit is 27 million won.
Everyone will get a performance bonus
of 1 million won each.
Wow!
Thank you. You all worked hard.
Kang Soo!
Hyun Soo.
Kang Soo.
My real brother.
It's me, Hyun Soo.
Your little brother.
Hyun Soo!
I think he knows everything.
I think she told him everything.
Kang Soo...
Has... Hyun Soo come here?
I told you not to tell him.
I warned you, didn't I?
I had no choice.
You had no choice?
Why do you have to make Hyun Soo
miserable too? Why!
My dad and me...
We were both sick because of you.
Now, you're even going to do that
to Hyun Soo!
I am sorry.
I was wrong.
Sorry?
You're saying that now?
I'm sorry.
I was wrong.
Why in the world did you do it?
Why did you do that to Dad?
Because he was nice.
What?
Because he was so darn nice.
I did it because he seemed easy to fool.
The debts...
I had so much debt.
I was on the run here and there
with my younger siblings.
Then I met your father.
I was going to take all his money.
Then run away quickly.
Stop.
But... it was hard.
I was reluctant and ended up having you.
But, the debt-collectors came
after me again.
I left your father and ran.
I left you behind too.
I ran away.
If you were by my side,
you'd be on the run forever.
I'm sorry, Kang Soo.
Kang Soo, don't forgive me.
Even... until I die...
don't forgive me.
Okay?
Kang Soo.
Did you sleep well?
Yes.
Why did you drink so much?
Just because.
Is something wrong?
- Nothing really.
- Don't drink so much.
You're an adult now too.
If you ever drink that much again...
you'll get in big trouble with me.
Kang Soo...
Kang Soo!
We won. We've won!
[Enemy of Street Restaurants,
Corporation Jung Family Goes Bankrupt]
Come on out!
We won!
- Victory!
Hyun Soo, call your grandmother.
Tell her to come to Hanyang.
You're the best, CEO.
- Hey.
- Let's lift him up.
One, two, three!
Mom.
You're here?
Yes.
Mom, let's go now.
Let's get going now.
You can start over.
You're good at cooking.
I... like your food more than anything.
All right.
Let's go.
I will drive.
Oh, would you?
- Dan Ah.
- Yes?
I did good, right?
Yes.
- Dan Ah.
- Yes?
You want to eat black bean noodles?
Yes.
- I'll make it really good.
- Okay.
- Kang Soo.
- Yeah?
Should I fry onions for you?
Yes! Make me fried onions.
Hey, rinse the bubbles properly,
would you?
I did. You need to rinse it better.
What do you mean?
I'm doing a great job.
Look, it's still there.
You should wash that.
What in the world...
You need to put the bubbles on,
so that I can wash it.
What did I do wrong? What, what?
Ouch, ouch!
You talk back to me a lot now.
You always resort to hitting first.
You want to get hit again?
You're asking to get hit.
I was wondering why you weren't
hitting me.
[Epilogue]
Hello.
Here you go.
- Bye. Get home safely.
- Okay.
So cute.
- Goodbye.
You're tired, right?
No, when I see angelic kids like that,
I get even stronger.
Isn't that comment too official?
Is it obvious?
Gosh, they really don't listen at all.
Then you're a bad teacher.
Keep my secret.
I'll see based on how you behave.
- Jin Kyu.
- What is it?
Do you have regrets?
- What about you?
- I'm fine for now.
Me too.
Thank you for the meal.
Come whenever you're hungry.
Come often.
Yes, I will.
- Go on in.
- Okay. Bye.
Have you... eaten?
Yes.
Okay, bye then.
Okay.
Wait.
Go on now.
I'm really going to risk it all.
She's totally my ideal woman.
You will become my girlfriend today.
Don't get hurt later on.
She's coming now.
- What now?
- Please just give us 30 minutes.
I have no interest in kids.
Then what style of guy do you like?
I'll develop into that type.
Oh, seriously!
Him. I like guys just like that.
Got it?
- Who are they?
- My fans.
Can I chase them away?
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Strongest Deliveryman]